Improve description of range literal (#332)
crystal-lang/crystal-book: syntax_and_semantics/literals/range.md

# Range

> A [Range](http://crystal-lang.org/api/Range.html) represents an interval between two values. It is typically constructed with a range literal, consisting of two `..` or three dots:

Reviewer: When there's `` `..` `` after "two", why isn't there `` `...` `` after "three"? I think these can be omitted. You already see right below what two and three dots look like.
```suggestion
A [Range](http://crystal-lang.org/api/Range.html) represents an interval between two values. It is typically constructed with a range literal, consisting of two or three dots:
```

> * `x..y`: Two dots denote an inclusive range, including `x` and `y` and all values in between (in mathematics: `[x, y]`) .

Reviewer: "two dots" and "three dots" are already mentioned above and you see them right before the description. I think this can be kept shorter here.
```suggestion
* `x..y`: Denotes an inclusive range, including `x` and `y` and all values in between (in mathematics: `[x, y]`) .
```

Author: I disagree. I'd rather use full sentences here.

> * `x...y`: Three dots denote an exclusive range, including `x` and all values up to but not including `y` (in mathematics: `[x, y)`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `x...y`: Denotes an exclusive range, including `x` and all values up to but not including `y` (in mathematics: `[x, y)`).
```

```cr
(0..5).to_a # => [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
(0...5).to_a # => [0, 1, 2, 3, 4]
```

> NOTE: Range literals are often wrapped in parentheses, for example if it is meant to be used as the receiver of a call. `0..5.to_a` without parentheses would be semantically equivalent to `0..(5.to_a)` because method calls and other operators have higher precedence than the range literal.

Reviewer: Can we at least manually add some markdown then? To me it looks so noisy and useless when a markdown-like expression such as "NOTE:" is used but doesn't actually do anything.
```suggestion
**NOTE:** Range literals are often wrapped in parentheses, for example if it is meant to be used as the receiver of a call. `0..5.to_a` without parentheses would be semantically equivalent to `0..(5.to_a)` because method calls and other operators have higher precedence than the range literal.
```

> NOTE: Range literals are often wrapped in parenthesis, for example if it is meant to be used as the receiver of a call. `0..5.to_a` without parenthesis would be semantically equivalent to `0..(5.to_a)` because method calls and other operators have higher precedence than the range literal.

Reviewer: I don't think `NOTE:` should be used here too because it doesn't do anything and has no markdown.
```suggestion
Note that range literals are often wrapped in parentheses, for example if it is meant to be used as the receiver of a call. `0..5.to_a` without parentheses would be semantically equivalent to `0..(5.to_a)` because method calls and other operators have higher precedence than the range literal.
```

Author: Yes, `NOTE` doesn't have a special syntactic meaning, but it's nevertheless a useful admonition. We're using this in other locations as well.
